README.md, before:

# Claude Code Log Viewer

An interactive web-based viewer for Claude Code JSONL transcript files.

## Features

- 🔄 Real-time monitoring of JSONL files
- 🎛️ Interactive field selection - choose which fields to display
- 🔍 Search and filter entries
- 🎨 Syntax highlighting and color-coded entry types
- ⚡ Auto-refresh with 5-second intervals
- 📊 Entry statistics and counts
- 🌙 Dark theme optimized for readability
- 📈 Usage tracking and snapshot history

## Installation

### From PyPI (recommended)

```bash
pip install claude-log-viewer
```

### From source

```bash
git clone https://github.com/indate/claude-log-viewer.git
cd claude-log-viewer
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

Start the server:
```bash
claude-log-viewer
```

Or if running from source:
```bash
python -m claude_log_viewer.app
```

Then open your browser to:
```
http://localhost:5001
```

The viewer will automatically load JSONL files from your Claude projects directory.

## Controls

- **Search**: Filter entries by any text content
- **Type Filter**: Filter by entry type (user, assistant, tool_result, etc.)
- **Limit**: Control how many entries to display
- **Refresh**: Manually reload all entries
- **Auto-refresh**: Enable 5-second automatic updates
- **Field Checkboxes**: Select which fields to display for each entry

## Tips

- Click the field checkboxes at the top to show/hide specific fields
- Enable auto-refresh to see new entries as they come in
- Use the type filter to focus on specific message types
- Search works across all fields in the entries
- Hover over entries to highlight them

## Technical Details

- Built with Flask (backend) and vanilla JavaScript (frontend)
- Uses Watchdog for file system monitoring
- Displays up to 500 most recent entries
- Reads all `.jsonl` files in the Claude projects directory


## New Features
- Detect Branching and Update Active Sessions to select specific branch
- Delete sessions from web interface and remove files
- Resume the session from web interface (resume/continue on CC is confusing)
- Tools results should be parsed as markdown
- Load the image paths in the session
- Rename sessions to friendly names.

Commit message:

fix: critical packaging bugs for PyPI release
Fix critical issues that would break PyPI installation:

1. **Add static files to package** (CRITICAL)
   - MANIFEST.in: Add 'recursive-include claude_log_viewer/static *'
   - pyproject.toml: Add static/css/*.css and static/js/*.js to package_data
   - Without this, CSS and JavaScript files would be missing from PyPI package
   - App would be completely broken for pip install users

2. **Generate requirements.txt**
   - Create requirements.txt from pyproject.toml dependencies
   - Needed for users who expect traditional requirements file
   - Matches dependencies: flask, watchdog, requests, tiktoken

3. **Remove setup.py duplicate**
   - Delete setup.py (keeping only pyproject.toml)
   - Modern Python packaging uses pyproject.toml exclusively
   - Prevents conflicts between two configuration sources

4. **Update MANIFEST.in**
   - Remove reference to non-existent requirements.txt (now created)
   - Add INSTALL.md to distribution

5. **Clarify documentation status**
   - README.md: Move planned features to separate section
   - README.md: Add Contributing and License sections
   - docs/rollback-proposal/README.md: Add warning that features are planned/partial
   - Clear distinction between implemented and planned features

These fixes ensure the package will actually work when installed from PyPI.

README.md, after:

# Claude Code Log Viewer

An interactive web-based viewer for Claude Code JSONL transcript files.

## Features

- 🔄 Real-time monitoring of JSONL files
- 🎛️ Interactive field selection - choose which fields to display
- 🔍 Search and filter entries
- 🎨 Syntax highlighting and color-coded entry types
- ⚡ Auto-refresh with 5-second intervals
- 📊 Entry statistics and counts
- 🌙 Dark theme optimized for readability
- 📈 Usage tracking and snapshot history

## Installation

### From PyPI (recommended)

```bash
pip install claude-log-viewer
```

### From source

```bash
git clone https://github.com/indate/claude-log-viewer.git
cd claude-log-viewer
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

Start the server:
```bash
claude-log-viewer
```

Or if running from source:
```bash
python -m claude_log_viewer.app
```

Then open your browser to:
```
http://localhost:5001
```

The viewer will automatically load JSONL files from your Claude projects directory.

## Controls

- **Search**: Filter entries by any text content
- **Type Filter**: Filter by entry type (user, assistant, tool_result, etc.)
- **Limit**: Control how many entries to display
- **Refresh**: Manually reload all entries
- **Auto-refresh**: Enable 5-second automatic updates
- **Field Checkboxes**: Select which fields to display for each entry

## Tips

- Click the field checkboxes at the top to show/hide specific fields
- Enable auto-refresh to see new entries as they come in
- Use the type filter to focus on specific message types
- Search works across all fields in the entries
- Hover over entries to highlight them

## Technical Details

- Built with Flask (backend) and vanilla JavaScript (frontend)
- Uses Watchdog for file system monitoring
- Displays up to 500 most recent entries
- Reads all `.jsonl` files in the Claude projects directory
- Automatic usage tracking with API polling
- Git integration for session checkpoints (experimental)

## Planned Features

See [docs/rollback-proposal/](docs/rollback-proposal/) for detailed design documentation of upcoming features:

- Full checkpoint selector UI with conversation context
- Fork detection and navigation
- Session branching visualization
- Enhanced session management (delete, rename, resume)
- Markdown rendering for tool results
- Image display in sessions

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
